feat(cph): add datasource cph server bandwidths (#5883)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/cph_server_bandwidths.md

---
subcategory: "Cloud Phone (CPH)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_cph_server_bandwidths"
description: |-

>   Use this data source to get band width list of CPH server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this data source to get bandwidth list of CPH server.
```

---

# huaweicloud_cph_server_bandwidths

Use this data source to get band width list of CPH server.

## Example Usage

```hcl

> data "huaweicloud_cph_server_band_widths" "test" {}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data "huaweicloud_cph_server_bandwidths" "test" {}
```
